hey guys james wedmore here and in this
video we're going to do an open box
reveal and full blown review of the DJI
phantom Ariel RC quadcopter now I just
got this thing delivered to me from
Amazon Prime
Amazon's awesome and I'm really excited
I haven't even opened it so let's go to
go ahead and and do that right now
now one of the reasons I'm really
excited to be using this thing is
because wait no no no Amazon
[Music]
all right here we are the phantom
quadcopter really excited first off it
comes in a pretty sexy looking box so I
haven't opened this yet let's let's go
ahead and actually open it reminds me of
getting like a Mac laptop or something
okay
opening it for the first time let you
guys see it as I drop a knife on my foot
boom and it's all here you can basically
see everything that's included within
the box pretty exciting stuff I'm going
to go ahead and do my best to figure out
how to assemble this I've never flown an
RC anything before so this will be
really fun but it looks like we've got
the main machine right here and then
we've got everything to hook up the the
GoPro to it so we can start getting some
aerial shots and a few other cool stuff
here's really quick the steering
mechanism the remote controller which is
pretty fancy take a look at that and
I'll have to learn how to use all of
this so I'm really excited let's go
ahead and put this thing together and
see how it flies so I was very surprised
at how easy this whole machine was to
assemble and start going right out of
the box it didn't have an instruction
manual which made me a little nervous
but the company did put together very
simple tutorial videos on the internet
that I was able to follow so I was up
and running with this thing and after
waiting for the battery to charge up
after about an hour after opening the
box which is really nice and the one
thing I want to point out is I'm not an
RC guy I've never flown an RC plane
before or anything car helicopter before
so I'm a total novice and so being that
this was my first experience I knew it
was very easy didn't take any real skill
to learn how to use it pretty
self-explanatory and that's really what
the makers the
plain said is that it's going to be very
simple for the user to use because
they've made it so sophisticated and I
was really impressed to see that I got
about between 15 to 20 22 minutes of
flight time in which I was really happy
with as it was it flew seemed to fly
great not much to compare it to but if
you're someone who is looking to do some
really cool camera angles maybe you're
an independent filmmaker a business
owner looking to do some cool videos
maybe a real estate agent wanting to get
some aerial shots I think this is an
absolutely incredible tool to use in
conjunction with a GoPro Hero Hero 3
specifically and I'm a really big fan
now one complaint people have had about
this is the wobble effect that when they
fly it because of the four blades it
creates this kind of wobbly image now I
have not experienced that at all and the
footage you're watching here today is
from my actual first flight and there
was no wobble that I can really see and
I'm quite happy with that I think really
it's just about getting better at how to
maneuver the machine the copter so that
you can have a smoother shots flybys
panning and pan out etc but I think you
can have a lot of fun with this so I'm
really excited I give this thing - two
thumbs way up
[Music]
still trying to figure out all this
YouTube and social media stuff well I
got you covered click the link below to
download my latest guide the youtube
traffic report to finally give you a
clear-cut strategy for online success
with video
[Music]